added Minimum valid sources parameter (#40598)
demisto/content: Packs/AlienVault_OTX/ReleaseNotes/1_1_48.md

#### Integrations

##### AlienVault OTX v2

> - Added support for Minimum Number of Validated Sources to consider the indicator as trustworthy parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **Minimum number of validated sources to consider the indicator as benign** field, which specifies the minimum entries for the indicator to be considered as a trustworthy parameter.
```
